hello movie lovers i'm john from fast
films and today we're going to discuss a
2016 american horror anthology film
called holidays
this film consists of subversive short
horror films each inspired by a
different holiday
at the beginning of the movie a girl
called maxine is seen carving the word
coach inside a heart on a desk in the
girl's locker room
next she's shown on top of a diving
board coach rockwell urges her to jump
but she's not able to gather up her
courage
heidi and her gang start taunting her
and a moment later heidi appears behind
her and pushes her
max nearly drowns but is rescued by her
crush coach rockwell
as max is looking at the coach in awe
heidi remarks max wants a kiss
the others burst into laughter and the
coach leaves next we're taken to the
locker room heidi tells her gang that
the coach didn't even give her detention
since she's arranging a fundraiser for
him
the coach is seen in his office
stressing over his heart problems due to
which he needs a heart transplant heidi
starts bullying max saying the coach
will never choose her over heidi she
also mocks her for not being able to do
anything for rockwell's ailment rockwell
overhears the girl's conversation in the
locker room and starts feeling sorry for
max
to console her he leaves a valentine's
letter in her locker maxine finds it and
becomes euphoric after school she starts
stalking heidi heidi takes a route
through the woods to avoid her but max
follows her in there an alarmed heidi
falls into a mud pit in haste max
approaches her and hits her in the face
with a brick
she then pins her down and kills her
with a box cutter
later that night rockwell is preparing
to go to the fundraising event with his
wife when he hears the doorbell upon
answering the door he is horrified by
the appearance of maxine holding heidis
ripped out hard as a valentine's gift
for him a wishing card opens after this
with the words happy valentine's day
written on it the word happy slowly
fades away the next segment starts as
school teacher elizabeth cullen is
showing her students a documentary film
about saint patrick's day and the legend
of how he read ireland of snakes back in
his time
she notices a new unhappy student called
grania and tries to cheer her up but the
girl seems to be avoiding her after one
class grania leaves a dried grass snake
and a note reading only your deepest
wish can make me smile on her desk as a
saint patrick's card project
after a saint patrick's day night of
drinking elizabeth awakens in her car
with a snakeskin laying around her
later she encounters grania in a
supermarket in which grania approaches
her and embraces her belly with an
uncomfortable amount of love elizabeth
starts suspecting that something is
wrong with her body she goes for a
medical checkup and discovers that she
is pregnant the realization makes her
extremely happy however the doctor tells
her that the baby will not be a human
but a reptile most probably a snake that
needs to be removed soon while checking
her students book reports later
elizabeth reads granny's report and sees
a drawing of herself giving birth to a
snake
she panics and asks grania what it is
and almost immediately vomits black
sludge all the students start screaming
grana however starts clapping and
smiling enraged elizabeth goes to her
and tells her to stop smiling when she
doesn't elizabeth slaps her across the
face but grania continues to smile
over the course of the following year as
elizabeth's belly continues to grow her
behavior becomes different with it her
family begs her to listen to reason and
abort the birth of the strange creature
growing inside her but she refuses to do
so
during the later weeks of her pregnancy
elizabeth wears medieval style clothing
as it is the only thing she can fit in
given the state of her body
nearly 400 days after her snake baby was
conceived elizabeth lies in her bathtub
and places a mouse on her belly hoping
to lure the snake out of her womb
her belly thrashes about as the snake
tries to find a way out to eat the mouse
the whole process renders elizabeth
unconscious when she awakens she sees
grania dressed in peculiar clothing who
then leads her away to a mysterious man
presumably granny's father who elizabeth
had sex with on saint patrick's day and
is also the snake's father
the man assumes that elizabeth will be
horrified for giving birth to a snake
but she happily embraces her role as its
mother calling the snake her beautiful
baby and joins the cult later a new
teacher at the school a nun gets the
same message from grana a wishing card
saying happy saint patrick's day opens
after this segment and the happy fades
away next a woman is seen tucking her
daughter into bed at night
she tells her that the easter bunny will
visit that night and the following day
will be very exciting she further tells
her that when the bunny visits children
are usually asleep
the girl becomes frightened and asks her
mother what if she's awake
the mother tells her it won't be a
problem even if she's up
she attempts to calm her down and tries
to explain the holiday mascot's
connection to jesus before managing to
tuck her in
later at night the girl gets up to get a
drink of water
she senses some movement behind her and
goes to explore upon reaching her living
room she is horrified to discover a
terrifying easter bunny-like creature
with holes in his hands from which
chicks are coming out she immediately
turns and rushes to her room but the
creature appears in front of her the
girl tries to convince herself that it's
a dream but the bunny makes her touch
him thus confirming that he's in fact
real the bunny explains that no one has
ever seen him now that she has she must
take his place the girl says she doesn't
want her but is told she has no choice
he further informs her that she will
never see her mother again but will see
wonderful magical things
he then makes her close her eyes and
feeds her an egg that transforms her
into another bunny creature the mother
later awakens to find her daughter
missing she is heard calling for her
daughter as the back door locks itself a
happy easter is wished after this and
the happy fades away
kate is seen at her doctors worried over
the fact that she's yet again pregnant
she tells the doctor that she's doing
everything to avoid conception including
taking oral pills and making her
boyfriend wear two condoms at a time but
nothing works
the doctor tells her that if she's
telling the truth the case might not be
in their control
she advises her to visit her sister who
volunteers at some fertility ceremonies
taking the advice kate goes to a far
away place and meets other women who are
trying to get pregnant when she reveals
her condition to another woman she
immediately gets up and leaves her side
later kate attends a ritualistic
ceremony out in the middle of the desert
during the ritual an old woman comes
towards her and tells her she's a
gateway kate is unsettled by this and
attempts to leave but is held back later
that night she's forced into an orgy
with the other women in a muscular man
kate becomes catatonic after this but is
groomed and cared for by the other women
who are revealed to be barren witches
that need her to become pregnant
they cut her off from contacting the
outside her doctor who recommended the
place to her also turns out to be a part
of the coven while kate is left outside
unattended she manages to flee but
suddenly goes into labor
the women surround her to aid in her
birth but they all scream in terror when
a bloody full-sized arm comes out of her
a happy mother's day is wished after
this the card opens and the happy fades
away carol a young woman comes home from
teaching when she receives a mysterious
package from her father whom she has not
seen since she was a child
the package contains an old cassette
deck player with earphones she plays the
tape which is from her father telling
her how he loves her and instructing her
to go to the place they played at when
she was a child so they can be reunited
carol is broken by the discovery since
she thought her father had died and
leaves a voicemail for her mom stating
how angry she is because her mother lied
to her about her father's death kate
follows her father's voice guiding her
to the place while walking to the place
she realizes that the tape was recorded
when she was with her father as a child
since her voice can also be heard in the
tape with her fathers she reminisces her
memories with her father on that day the
tape eventually leads her to an old
abandoned building with a mysterious
door which she remembers entering with
her father where he asked the woman on
the reception to take care of her before
leaving her
in the tape her father apologizes to her
younger self for leaving her but says he
has to because he only has one chance to
meet him the scene cuts back to the car
where carol's phone is ringing as her
mother is trying to contact her in an
odd room carol comes across a figure
sitting in a chair the tape has her
father state that he's glad she came by
her own free will
upon calling out to her father several
times while crossing a circle of salt to
the house carol is eventually frightened
by a dark mysterious humanoid that roars
back at her
the tape recorder and headphones fall to
the ground and carol subsequently
disappears as the end of the tape
continues saying together in her
father's voice
the segment ends with a wish of happy
father's day where the part saying happy
slowly fades away
a man called ian who hosts an internet
sex service is seen making a call to a
girl who's interested to work we're then
introduced to ian's employees holly brie
and serena who are frequently abused by
their employer as the girls sit around
serena who's just been cyber bullied
trying to console her ian enters and
asks why they're not working
they tell him all clients are
celebrating halloween and they have a
right to celebrate it as well
ian however denies the girls wishes to
celebrate halloween and calls them
derogatory names the girls fight back by
telling him that it's a mistake to mess
with three women as it forms a coven
unintimidated ian attempts to rape
serena telling her to show him her
vagina but the girls knock him out
ian wakes up in his underwear with a car
battery connected vibrator super glued
up his anus
in front of him a laptop is placed with
a chat and a camera open that is live
streaming him to the girls
the girls send messages to him through
the laptop making demands which if he
doesn't fulfill he'll be subjected to
the vibrator the girls then ask him to
show them his vagina a confused ian
removes the last piece of clothing that
remains on him but the girls stress they
want to see a vagina the girls then
slide a knife under the door and tell
him to make it hollow
after he does so the girls turn up the
battery's power to its maximum limit out
of curiosity and presumably kill him
the girls then answer the door to see a
girl named nancy who ian had called
earlier about the job
the girls explained that they are under
new management and that ian is no longer
with the company due to cutbacks
the segment ends with a wish of happy
halloween but the happy part soon fades
away
pete gunderson is late trying to buy
virtual glasses called uvu for his son
as he enters the shop a man before him
buys the last remaining stock despite
pete calling about it earlier
pete begs the man to give him the
glasses for double the amount but the
man refuses
as a dejected pete is walking back he
sees the man down on the floor it is
revealed that the man has had a heart
attack and is unable to reach his pills
at first pete starts to call for help
but after being reminded about his
wife's demand to get the glasses pete
instead steals the glasses and rushes
home
at home his wife complains about not
receiving a christmas bonus she was
promised
on christmas day pete's son bobby is
overjoyed to see his present
he explains that the glasses recreate
your thoughts and ideas into a virtual
game
on the urging of his son pete tries them
on and sees a stripper he asks if
everyone sees the same thing but is told
that the visual is different for
everyone since it's always tailored to
their thoughts and interests
later that night pete sneaks out of bed
to try the glasses on again
at first he sees himself receiving a
[ __ ] from a prostitute but after some
static the visual suddenly switched to
pete stealing the glasses seen from the
dying man's point of view it then cuts
back to the hospital where the doctors
are towering over the body saying how
the man could have been saved had he
received help a bit earlier
pete tries to call the uvu company and
asks more about the glasses but when the
employee says he'll see the visuals
shown to him to better understand the
problem he's having pete tells him not
to worry and immediately hangs up
later pete's wife sarah reveals that she
saw the saved footage since he forgot to
log out pete admits that he did it
because the man had what he wanted and
because he was tired of being nice
to his surprise sarah is turned on by
this and the two have sex
later pete looks through the glasses
again where he's shown sarah's deeds
since she forgot to log out he discovers
that sarah had tortured and killed her
employer after he passed her over for a
bonus
shocked he reads the glasses tagline uvu
shows you you
the segment ends with a merry christmas
wish but the merry fades away after
murdering his date reggie picks up
another girl through a dating site named
jean
he goes to meet with her for new year's
eve their date is awkward especially
because of reggie's weirdness but gene
feeling sorry for him and not wanting to
spend new years alone invites him to her
apartment after watching the telly for a
while at jeans jean takes reggie's
jacket off and starts trying to get
intimate with him
reggie stops her and asks to use the
bathroom while he's preparing to use
chloroform on her there he checks the
medicine cabinets and discovers that
gene keeps severed limbs and organs in
jars
he thinks about calling for help but his
phone was left outside in his jacket
suddenly gene rushes in with a fire axe
and attacks reggie reggie falls into a
bathtub where he discovers a man's
corpse reggie attempts to make it to the
living room and has his foot severed by
jean's axe
after making it to his jacket he pulls
out a revolver but learns that he forgot
to load it
taking the chance gene swings the axe at
him splitting his head open and killing
him on spot as the new year rings in
gene dances with her axe a happy new
year is wished after this but the part
saying happy fades away
thank you so much for watching